# kpsced

**Eeschema now supports arbitrary RGB colours, so this workaround is no longer needed. In addition, the configuration format has changed (as it is not longer based on the predefined colours) and this script will no longer work. Consequently, this project is no longer maintained.**

A small script for recolouring postscript files generated by KiCad's Eeschema (*kpsced* stands for KiCad postscript colour editor). It is able to alter the colour of every setting which can be made in Eeschema, but is not limited to Eeschema's 30 predefined colours.

It parses Eeschema's configuration file to determine its colour settings. Thus, it is fairly independent on your Eeschema setup.

## Usage

    kpsced [options] FILE

By default *kpsced* overwrites the specified postscript file, unless an output file is given via the `-o` flag. It uses the Eeschema configuration file located in `~/.config/kicad/eeschema` but a different path can be designated with `-k`.

`-j` analyzes Eeschema's configuration and gives an overview of repeatedly used colours. This is useful for tweaking the colour settings until no duplicates are left.

For the full list of colour options, refer to `kpsced --help`. The colours are specified in the standard 6-character hexadecimal RGB format (like `#ffffff`). For convenience, the `#` can be omitted.

*kpsced* can generate a colour scheme file from the colour settings given via command line arguments with the `--generate` flag. This file can be used with the `-m` flag to specify all colour replacements at once.

## Limitations

*kpsced* is used as an postprocessor for Eeschema-generated postscript files. Because of this, there is one main limitation: *kpsced* cannot assign different colours to elements which have the same colour settings in Eeschema. If you want a really colourful output, you will have to edit your Eeschema settings so all elements are coloured differently by default. Keep in mind that Eeschema uses the colour *Red 2* for the schematic title block, which cannot be changed in the settings. Use the `-j` flag to check whether some colours are used repeatedly.
